=head1 NAME

B<glodAdaptGroup> - Adapts a group to a particular LOD based on the bound transform matrices and group settings.

=cut

=head1 C SPECIFICATION

void B<glodAdaptGroup>(I<GLuint> name)

=cut

=head1 PARAMETERS

=over

=item I<name>

The name of the group to adapt

=back 


=head1 DESCRIPTION


Adaptation of a group is governed using the
B<glodGroupParameter>I<[if]> interface. This takes a configuration tag
and a value. The configuration options that affect group adaptation
are explained below. 

The main configuraiton option for a group is its adaption
mode. Acceptable values for B<GLOD_ADAPT_MODE> are B<GLOD_ERROR_THRESHOLD>
or B<GLOD_TRIANGLE_BUDGET>.

=head1 GLOD_ERROR_THRESHOLD parameters

Error threshold mode refines all fo the emmbers of your group to
within a certain constant amount of error. The metric for
determining this error, as well as the constant error amount, is
selectable through the glodGroupParameter interface.

The B<GLOD_ERROR_MODE> setting selects how geometric error is
interpreted for this group. Possible error modes are
B<GLOD_OBJECT_SPACE_ERROR> or B<GLOD_SCREEN_SPACE_ERROR>. Depending on
whether you chose object or screen space error mode, you must also
specify the amount of acceptable error for refinement using
B<GLOD_OBJECT_SPACE_ERROR_THRESHOLD> or
B<GLOD_SCREEN_SPACE_ERROR_THRESHOLD>, depending on your choice of the
error mode.

The following code sets group C<0> to adapt all of its
member objects to a screen-space error of no more than 3 pixels.

  glodGroupParameteri(0, GLOD_ADAPT_MODE, GLOD_ERROR_THRESHOLD);
  glodGroupParameteri(0, GLOD_ERROR_THRESHOLD, 
                         GLOD_SCREEN_SPACE_ERROR);
  glodGroupParameterf(0, GLOD_SCREEN_SPACE_ERROR_THRESHOLD, 3.0f);


=head1 GLOD_TRIANGLE_BUDGET parameters

If you set the group to B<GLOD_TRIANGLE_BUDGET>, you must also set the
number of triangles that you want the group to contain after
adaptation. This is set using B<GLOD_MAX_TRIANGLES>. Additionally, you
must set the way in which triangles will be chosen --- with respect to
screen space or object space. This is done by setting
B<GLOD_ERROR_MODE> to B<GLOD_OBJECT_SPACE_ERROR> or
B<GLOD_SCREEN_SPACE_ERROR>.

The following code sets a group to refine to C<int num_tris> triangles
using the screen-space appearance of the object as a guide.

  glodGroupParameteri(0, GLOD_ADAPT_MODE, GLOD_TRIANGLE_BUDGET);
  glodGroupParameteri(0, GLOD_ERROR_MODE, GLOD_SCREEN_SPACE_ERROR_MODE);
  glodGroupParameteri(0, GLOD_MAX_TRIANGLES, num_tris);

=head1 ERRORS

=over

=item B<GLOD_INVALID_NAME> is generated if a group of this name does not exist in the system.

=item B<GLOD_INVALID_STATE> is generated if the adaptation parameters are not set properly.

=back

=cut
