=head1 NAME

B<glodGroupParameteri>, B<glodGroupParameterf> - Sets a named group parameter to some value.

=cut

=head1 C SPECIFICATION

void B<glodGroupParameteri>(I<GLuint> name, I<GLenum pname>, I<GLint param>)

void B<glodGroupParameteri>(I<GLuint> name, I<GLenum pname>, I<GLfloat param>)        

=cut

=head1 PARAMETERS

=over

=item name, pname, param

The parameter C<pname> of the group named C<name> is set to the value C<param>.

=back

=head1 POSSIBLE PNAME/PARAM COMBINATIONS

=over

=item GLOD_ADAPT_MODE

C<param> can be either B<GLOD_ERROR_THRESHOLD>
or B<GLOD_TRIANGLE_BUDGET>.

=item GLOD_ERROR_MODE

C<param> can be either B<GLOD_OBJECT_SPACE_ERROR> or
B<GLOD_SCREEN_SPACE_ERROR>.

=item GLOD_OBJECT_SPACE_ERROR_THRESHOLD

C<param> is the threshold to be set, in object space units. This
parameter is only interpreted if B<GLOD_ADAPT_MODE> ==
B<GLOD_ERROR_THRESHOLD> and B<GLOD_ERROR_MODE> ==
B<GLOD_OBJECT_SPACE_ERROR>.

=item GLOD_SCREEN_SPACE_ERROR_THRESHOLD

C<param> is the thresshold to be set, in the percentage of the viewport width. This parameter
is only interpreted if B<GLOD_ADAPT_MODE> == B<GLOD_ERROR_THRESHOLD>
and B<GLOD_ERROR_MODE> == B<GLOD_SCREEN_SPACE_ERROR>. Setting this to .05 with a 800 pixel-wide viewport allows a 40 pixel error in the adaptation.

=item GLOD_MAX_TRIANGLES

If B<GLOD_ADAPT_MODE> is set to B<GLOD_TRIANGLE_BUDGET>, C<param> sets
the maximum number of triangles to be generated when glodAdaptGroup()
is called. Choice of best set of triangles is made with respect to
screen-space or object-space error, according to the setting of
B<GLOD_ERROR_MODE>.

=back


=head1 ERRORS

=over

=item B<GLOD_INVALID_NAME> is generated if a group of the specified name does not exist.

=item B<GLOD_UNKNOWN_PROPERTY> is generated if the parameter name is not recognized.

=item B<GLOD_UNSUPPORTED_PROPERTY> is generated if the data type you chose for this parameter is not supported.

=back

=cut
