=head1 NAME

B<glodGetObjectParameteriv>, B<glodGetObjectParameterfv> - Gets an object parameter

=cut

=head1 C SPECIFICATION

void B<glodGetObjectParameteriv>(I<GLuint> name, I<GLenum> pname, I<GLint*> param)

void B<glodGetObjectParameterfv>(I<GLuint> name, I<GLenum> pname, I<GLfloat*> param)

=cut

=head1 PARAMETERS

=over

=item I<name>, I<pname>, I<param>

Sets C<param[0...k]> to the property named C<pname> of the object named C<name>

=back 


=head1 PNAME/PARAM COMBINATIONS

=over

=item B<GLOD_NUM_PATCHES>

Sets C<param[0]> to be the number of patches in this object

=item B<GLOD_PATCH_NAMES>

Sets C<param[0 .. GLOD_NUM_PATCHES-1]> to be the patch names for this
object. There is no guarantee that the order of these indices is the
order in which they were inserted into GLOD.

=item B<GLOD_PATCH_SIZES>

Sets for C<i=0 .. GLOD_NUM_PATCHES-1]>, sets:

   param[i*2]     = (number of indices in patch i)
   param[i*2 + 1] = (number of vertices in patch i)

These parameters are used to determine the number of elements and
number of vertices that would be produced were you to read-back the
i-th patch of this object.

For glodFillArrays() , you should allocate your vertex pointer (etc) to
contain C<3*param[i*2] = 3*num_indices> vertex elements. 

For glodFillElements() , you should allocate your vertex pointer (etc) to
contain C<param[i*2+1] = num_verts> vertex elements. You should
allocate your element pointer to contain C<param[i*2] = num_indices>
vertex elements.


=item B<GLOD_READBACK_SIZE>

Sets C<param[0]> to be the size, in bytes, of this object, were it to
be read back using glodReadbackObject()

=back

=head1 ERRORS

This function returns silently and without modifying param if pname is
incorrect.

=over

=item B<GLOD_INVALID_NAME> is generated if the specified object does not exist.

=item B<GLOD_UNKNOWN_PROPERTY> is generated if the parameter name is not recognized.

=item B<GLOD_UNSUPPORTED_PROPERTY> is generated if the data type you chose for this parameter is not supported.

=back 

=cut
