=head1 NAME

B<glodLoadObject> - Loads an object that was previously read with glodReadbackObject()

=cut

=head1 C SPECIFICATION

void B<glodLoadObject>(I<GLuint name> , I<GLuint groupname> , I<const GLvoid*> data)

=cut

=head1 PARAMETERS

=over

=item I<name>

The name of the object to create from the loaded hierarchy. B<Object
name must not already exist.>

=item I<groupname>

The name of the group in which to place the object.

=item I<data>

A pointer to the buffer contanining the readback GLOD object.

=back 


=head1 DESCRIPTION

This mechanism is provided to allow you to decouple the creation
and use of multiresolution objects across multiple program
invocations. glodLoadObject accepts any binary data that was
previously created with glodReadbackObject() .

After being loaded, a GLOD object is in the same default state as
it it would be following a glodBuildObject() call. This means that
it has not necessarily been adapted to a particular LOD and thus
cannot yet be drawn. You must set any relevant adaptation
parameters before you proceed onward to drawing this object.


=head1 USAGE

One usually reads back an object from GLOD first using
glodReadbackObject() :

  void* data; int data_size;
  glodGetObjectParameteriv(MY_OBJ_NAME, GLOD_READBACK_SIZE, &data_size); 
  data = malloc(data_size);
  glodReadbackObject(MY_OBJ_NAME, data);

You could then write this data to a file. When you later decide to use it:

  void* data; int data_size;
  glodLoadObject(NEW_OBJ_NAME, NEW_GROUP_NAME, data);

=head1 ERRORS

=over

=item B<GLOD_INVALID_NAME> is generated if an object of the given name exists.

=item B<GLOD_BAD_MAGIC> is generated if the buffer format is corrupt or incompatible with this version of GLOD.

=item B<GLOD_BAD_HIERARCHY> is generated if the hierarchy type (the
I<format> flag of glodBuildObject()) encoded in this buffer is not supported by this version of GLOD.

=item B<GLOD_CORRUPT_BUFFER> is generated if the buffer is, though valid in all other respects, found to be corrupt.

=back

=cut
