=head1 NAME

B<glodNewObject> - create a new GLOD object

=cut

=head1 C SPECIFICATION

void B<glodNewObject>(I<GLuint> name, I<GLuint> groupname, I<GLenum> format)

=cut

=head1 PARAMETERS

=over

=item I<name> 

Identifies this new object. 

I<Warning:> The GLOD object namespace is global.

=item I<groupname>

Identifies the refinement group for the object. Warning: the group namespace is also global. If groupname does not yet exist, it will be created with default parameters. See glodNewGroup for more details.

=item I<format>

Selects the type of object. Possible formats are B<GLOD_DISCRETE> and
B<GLOD_CONTINUOUS> (which is currently actually a I<view-dependent>
simplification hierarchy).

=back 


=head1 DESCRIPTION

You provide to this call an identifier for the new object, its
intended simplified format, and its group name. Keep in mind that while
you draw a GLOD object using its name, you adapt it to a particular level of
detail using its group identifier.

After creating the new object, add geometry to the object using
glodInsertElements() and/or glodInsertArrays() and then build it with
glodBuildObject() .

Should you want the same geometry to be adapted to multiple levels
of detail at a given instant, refer to the glodInstanceObject()
call.

=head1 SEE ALSO

glodBuildObject() glodInstanceObject()  glodDeleteObject()

glodInsertArrays()  glodInsertElements()


=head1 ERRORS

=over

=item B<GLOD_INVALID_NAME> is generated if an object of this C<name> already exists.

=back

=cut
